chicken crumbles you must have eaten
crumble in deserts like peach crumble
pear crumble fruit and nut crumble but
today I'll show you a bit different
version of a crumble hello welcome to
Sanjeev Kapoor Khazana
my name is Sita and today I will show
you how to prepare chicken crumble so
for that will require spring onion polis
chicken breast bread crumbs onion sliced
chopped garlic salt lemon chopped red
chillies red green and yellow bell
pepper fresh cream refined flour chilled
butter now let's start with the recipe
I'll heat up a pan now in goes some oil
now here I have some spring onion with
me
I slice them this roughly slice them you
need of perfection so after slicing the
spring onion it's time to saute some
garlic some chopped garlic
saute them on high flame
now it's time to add some sliced onion
just saute them for 10 seconds that's it
now it's perfect time to add spring
onion in go spring onion
now you need to lightly brown them now
here I have some capsicum with me
colorful capsicum if you don't get this
colorful capsicum you can even use the
normal green one now I'll add in this
chillies chopped red chillies
now I will cut this capsicum into medium
sized cubes
so here's our capsicum cubes now the
moment onion turns light brown in color
it's time to add in a colorful capsicum
now here I have boneless chicken with me
I'll cut them into medium size cubes
similar to capsicum
now if you are a vegetarian you can even
use paneer you can use soya now Here I
am using chicken
now after cutting the chicken in goes
the chicken now after adding the chicken
you need to toss it
now perfect time to add some salt now I
lower the flame and see to it that
chicken is cooked properly now till the
time chicken is getting cooked
I have spring onion greens I'll chop
them
now if you want you can sprinkle some
water but my recommendation is that you
cook it the way it is because chicken
has its own water now to prepare crumble
I have chilled butter with me refined
flour and bread crumbs now the
proportion of making crumble is very
simple I have taken 100 grams of refined
flour 75 grams of chilled butter very
important chilled butter and 50 grams of
bread crumbs now with your hands just
need to crumble it now the technique of
crumbling is very simple with tip of
your fingers just need to mix it that's
it do not over mix I'll keep this in
refrigerator till our chicken is getting
ready now I will take a chicken is
cooked
it is perfectly cooked lower the flame
and add lemon juice into it now into
this add some cream here I'm adding
cream just to give it a rich touch and
plus it will keep the chicken moist now
if you want you can add some more salt
to it that said our chicken mixture is
done I'll get the crumble mixture no for
baking I have taken a baking dish now
I'll add in this chicken mixture on the
base
I sprinkle some spring onion greens on
top I'll add some salt to this crumble
mixture give it a light mix now this
crumble mixture goes on top of the
chicken
now this goes into the preheated oven
for around 10 to 15 minutes now it's
been 15 minutes let's check on our
chicken crumble this is perfectly baked
perfect color I'll garnish this with
some spring onion so here it is
chicken crumble is ready perfect recipes
for lazy days when you don't want to
cook much but still you want to eat
something delicious so do try it